# Witchcraft

This is a 6 page document explaining what Witchcraft is.

There is a [Audio](https://github.com/Light-Wizzard/Witchcraft/blob/main/Witchcraft.mp3) version of this document.

Witchcraft

By Jeffrey Scott Flesher

When most people hear the word spelled Witchcraft, they think of Magic, and when those same people think of Magic, they think about Tricks, and to make matters worse, they believe a Wizard is a male, and a Witch is a Female. Religion is based on Superstition, Theory, and not facts, because of a group of people known as Religious, who make up scary stories about Witchcraft, Wizards, and Witches, to try to keep people from getting into Witchcraft, making it Evil. The roots of Religion are based on Murder or persecuting Wizards and Witches, making Witchcraft against the Law, and bringing back the Dark Ages.

The easiest way for me to talk about Witchcraft is to first explain who Wizards and Witches are because Witchcraft exists because of them. The way people learn concepts depends on if they are Religious, so to understand what Religion is, I must talk about the Torah, which most Bibles are based on, and I will only need to reference a few statements, the first is found in Psalms 23, this is the indoctrination of all Religions, this is where People follow a Shepard, as a Sheep Dog, Sheep follow a Shepard, whose name can be the Lord, Jesus Christ, or Einstein, whose Science all Religious Sheep use, thus they all take the Mark of the Beast known as a Sheep like Ewe, proving Satanism.

The truth about Witchcraft is simple, it is the art of writing words and spells to create a story that has more than one meaning, for example, a book written using black ink on white pages when it is unread, once you read it, it is red, which before the King James version of the Bible, was the color of ink they used to translate or clarify some concepts in the Bible, therefore, it is the origin of some spells, and there are many more examples of why this works this way. 

The problem is intelligence levels, and this has nothing to do with school, you learned mostly lies, and I will prove that by asking you 6 questions, the first question is what is God? I want to know what the Torah or any Bible based on it says God is, and not what you think God is. If you said all Light without Darkness you are right, if not you are wrong, and Sheep will never admit to being wrong. The next question is where can God be found? This is not a vague question, I am asking you where is God Physically, so to answer that you must believe God Physically exist, but Religion teaches a type of God known as a Deity, but Satan hates to use that word so he tricks people into believing this is God, instead of the name of one of many Angels, where God is the ugliest Angel of all, and Satan the most Beautiful, and why all Religious Sheep worship Satan, where Satan is a Person that lies or believes in lies, where the right to believe what you want is a Satanic lie. If you do not believe God physically exists, or only as a Spirit known as God the Ugly Angel, or you do not believe God exists, which is the same as Religion, this is why you are still a Sheep, because inside every Atom in the Universe is Light without Darkness, so what is God? Everything.

The three most well-known Wizard of all time is Johannes Kepler, Sir Isaac Newton, and Nikola Tesla. History wrote this, so it must be true. The BBC has a great documentary about Sir Isaac Newton called “The Last Magician”, where Magician translates to Wizard. Sir Isaac Newton said the Torah is a book of Alchemy written using Witchcraft, he said it was a living bible, meaning that they did not make copies of it, they just wrote a new one. To hide what they were writing, they came up with a language where words and spells had more than one meaning. The Torah read like a normal book would tell the story of Jesus Bar Abbas, the leader of the Militia that defeated the Roman Empire for their use of Money and Taxation, by explaining what Money is, which is a way to trick Stupid People, that the Torah or Bible called Sheep, my Cousin Isaac Newton, and I called them Sheeple, those that do not understand the fundamental laws of Nature. You can find Alchemy in the Torah by reading it diagonally, backward, into pages, and across books, this is known as the Torah or Bible Code, which Nostradamus used to predict the Future, by tracking a word or spell.

The next question is, what is Gravity? Most people will say, Centrifugal Force, which logically makes no sense because that is the force that throws you off a spinning object, a merry-go-round should make you understand that force, but it only exists in our Atmosphere, which Sheep believe if you spin a spacecraft in the vacuum of Space it will create Gravity, but all the experiments on spinning objects in lower space, never produced any Gravity. Most people believe in the theories that Albert Einstein denounced in 1942, and why we use God as the Force of Gravity, but Sheep still believe in Einstein, so I ask people to prove it, and they tell me E = MC Squared, well anyone with any Intelligence knowns that Einstein removed God from all his Alternate Universes in Alternate Realities, and our Universe has Atoms, but that is why he denounces them, because, Atoms, are the Proton, Neutron, and Electron, while Proton and Neutron are made of Neutrino Particles and Light without Darkness, the Electron is made of Darkness. Einstein removed Light, such that C the Constant for the Speed of Light is 0, so do not use E = MC Squared, use E = MA Squared instead… Stupid Sheep! The reason Einstein is taught is so Sheeple can live in a Godless Satanic Society, using Treasonous Money, with the Santa Clause.
The next question is, what is the Speed of Light? To make it easy here is a hint, Light has no acceleration, which is the definition of a Static Object, therefore, Light is Static, and not Dynamic as the denounce Theories go, therefore, the Speed of Light is 0 as I said previously.

Let me go over the things we know about Sheep, the first is they do not believe God physically exists, which is the same as believing God does not exist, therefore, Sheep believe in God by believing God does not exist, and that is insane, the belief in things that do not exist. We know Sheep believe in Einstein even after he denounces his theories, saying our Universe will not work without the Force of Gravity being God, as Newton said, as proof, that is what we use to this date. We know Sheep believe Gravity is a Centrifugal force, but they cannot prove it, because it is a lie, and only Satan lies or believes in lies.

I will not go into Newton’s Math on Gravity, because Sheep do not understand it, and I understand it because I got 99% on ASVAB scores in Mechanical, and high scores in Electronics. I was an Electronic Engineer, Computer Programmer, and Helicopter Crew Chief in the United States Air Force. To understand IQ scores, understand 50 is retarded, 70 is normal… Einstein only had an IQ of 160, yet everyone with that high of a score is Autistic. Einstein was an Aspie like Kepler, Newton, Tesla, and myself, with a Mechanical and Electronic IQ over 180, and that 20 points difference proves Einstein is retarded to me. I can see past all the logical errors in a Theory because I can reason things out, Sheep cannot, and why they believe Centrifugal Force can create Gravity. Newton’s Formula works on Atoms, and my IQ led me to understand the core of the Galaxy, Sun, Planets, and Moons, is a very large Atom I call a Trinary Engine, where Trinary means the same thing as Trinity, but Sir Isaac Newton hated the Teaching of Jesus Christ, so I change that to Trinary, it still means the Father is the Positive one made of Matter, the Son is the Negative one made of Antimatter, and the Holy Ghost Spirit of Mother Nature is Earth, and that is known as Ground, thus this describes Electricity, and it takes Electricity to make Light, and this is what makes the World go around.

The next question is, what is our Soul? Most people will make up some story that makes no sense, Religion is the reason why Sheep do not know what a Soul is, because, under an Oscilloscope used to display a Sinewave, our Brainwaves are the same as electricity, proving beyond a shadow of a doubt, our Soul, and only Satan would Buy & Sell Souls by the Kilowatt, Satanic Sheep!

In history, Edmond Halley was known as a Witch, because he read and write using words and spells. He wrote for Sir Isaac Newton, and some of their notes made it into Public Domain. We all know Newton proved that Jesus Christ was inserted into the Torah in the 4th Century, and it was altered to make Jesus Bar Abbas out to be the Badman for going against the use of Money and Taxation, and that is why Religion exists, just to demand 10% of all your money.

A Wizard like Newton, and a Witch like Halley, was a gift, if not for Halley writing all of Newton’s books, the world would not know how Gravity works. The way Halley helped was impressive, he sailed halfway around the world, just to record our Magnetic Strength, and Halley knew about Magnetic Deviations, such that, his trip was to accurately record known locations around the world, so he could determine if was a deviation, or was the strength diminishing like the Torah and NASA said it does. Newton was able to calculate the End of Time in the Torah, to 25 December 2060 under the Julian Calendar that only the Military uses. Newton was born on 25 December 1642, it was changed in his lifetime to the Gregorian Calendar, changing his birthday to 4 January 1643, then they removed 10 days making it 14 January, as such, the End of Time is now on 14 January 2061, which just happens to be my 100th birthday, and the Torah did said that Jesus Bar Abbas would come back as the Flesh, and that is how I sign my name, and 1961 looks the same upside down. The Torah also said 100 years before that, everyone on the planet would be Satanic, the year Money became Treason. NASA did a Century long study that concluded our Magnetic Strength is decaying at a constant rate of around 5% per century. The Calendar was reset to 1 to mark the date this decay started, such that we have known this for over 20 centuries, so we are now at the End of Time.

Our Magnetic North Pole is heading to the Equator, Newton did not write about this, but he did say it wonders around, and maybe that is all that is happening now, but if it continues to move, it will reach there at the End of Time, so I am pretty sure that is all the Scientific facts I need to know, that the End of Time is coming in less than 38 years as of this writing in 2023. Our Magnetosphere is the only thing holding in our Atmosphere, and right now that strength is decaying at a constant rate, that will end in 2061 when our Polarity reverses, and when it goes from Positive to Negative, it will pass through the Ground, this is Trinity, the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost Spirit of Mother Nature. We know Atoms are made of Neutrino Particles and Light without Darkness or God but Electrons contain Darkness. Newton said if you shine the white Light of the Sun through a 3-sided prism, you will see a rainbow of colors he called the Darkness, and there are no colors of white, nor any shade of grey into black, therefore, Black, White, and shades of Grey are not colors, and if you take another prism, and pass the rainbow back into the other prism, you will get a darker shade of white, now grey, all the way into Black. 

The End of Time means that when our Polarity reverses and goes to ground, it will collapse its particles of neutrinos, so you can see the Light inside the Atom, and know that is God, so Atomic and Nuclear bombs, are God Bombs, and only Satan would use God to make Weapons to kill Gods Creations, proving beyond a shadow of a doubt, that the Torah and Bible are right about the End of Time, only Satan will exist, as proof, they all Buy & Sell Souls by the Kilowatt, thus I live on a Planet that is only inhabited by Satan, this is Hell. When our Magnetosphere reaches 0, our Magnetosphere will collapse, and vent our Atmosphere, for 1/137th the Diameter of Earth, or 6.66 Minutes. The number 6, 66, or 666, is known as Masonic Numbers. People talk about 32-degree Masons, and the famous 33 degrees that do not exist, because the 33rd order is that there is no 33-degree order, so why does the Torah or Bible use this number to talk about the End of time, and the answer is that Earth has a core frequency of 6.66 Hz, it is around 7 Hz at its surface, and closer to 8 in our low orbit, but 9 outside our Magnetosphere, outside a zone known as the Van Allen Belt. 
Only Light is Static, I know our Earth spins at over a thousand miles an hour, it orbits our Sun at an average speed of 66,666.666 miles per hour, and we orbit the Sun sideways as it orbits our Galaxy at an average rate of 666,666.666 miles per hour, therefore, even though I consider everything not moving to be static, I know our Earth is Dynamic. At the Core, our Earth is an Atom, and not molten iron, which is a very stupid concept, because it is physically impossible for that to happen, it would cool down without a source to heat it. The way our Sun moves is the same as our Galaxy, which is orbiting on average at 6,666,666.666 miles per hour, around a Galaxy Cluster. The movement is pulled through space, the way this works is that our Universe, which is everything in space, is moving at a rate we call the Speed of Light, and Light has no acceleration, therefore, it is Static. As we turn on a flashlight, the Light comes out but does not move, as the universe moves, which is in all directions at once, from the center of any Atom, thus, it appears to move, it is a pulling effect, and Gravity is also a pulling effect, and for the same reason. Our Universe works the same as any Electronic Circuit, it follows the laws of Electronics. Once you understand this concept, you will understand why our planets orbit the Sun, while Moons orbit Planets, and all using the Laws of Electronics, and not Centrifugal forces, that only apply to the Sun, Planet, or Moon, inside its Atmosphere, and not in space, where Centrifugal forces do not exist. The way a Rocket can get an assist from the Gravity of the Sun, Planets, and Moon, notice I did not say Galaxy, as that is impossible, it uses a different type of Energy, I call it Dark Energy, but as in any Electronic Circuit, you use a spinning magnetic field to increase your speed, and that is how simple that works.

Only Satanic People put themselves in charge of others, they lie to us, so we know that is a Satanic Government, and all of them are, and you know it, and everyone does, but they are all Satanic, and commit Treason knowing only Congress can print money, and only the Federal Reserve does, and Treason cannot be made legal, therefore, Legal is not Legal, because all the Judges, Lawyers, and Police, all enforce Treason, making them Satanic. Evil is the backward spell for Live, and all guilty of Treason should be executed by the Military for Treason, proving this is Evil.

People that wanted to study Alchemy, better known as Science, had to hide it from those who put themselves in charge of others, those people will always lie to People because that is their Job as Satan, and why everyone on this planet is Satanic, even I have to buy Souls by the Kilowatt because of those Satanic people known as Sheep. The Torah was written to hide Alchemy from the Powers that be, who altered that Book in the 4th Century, hiring the Knights Templars to murder all the Witches and Wizards and discredit them, which is what all stories of Wizards and Witches do, except for Harry Potter, because they have Hogwarts to teach the Science of Wizards. The insertion of Jesus Christ into the Torah, made that set of books a Lie, and all Bibles are based on those Lies, therefore, as far as I know, most people have never heard of the Torah that existed for thousands of centuries, going back millions of years, because according to Admiral Byrd, the Torah talked about what we call UFOs or Unidentified Flying Objects, are the people that banished Adam & Eve for mixing the tribes of Ash, Ke, and the Nazi, the White, Grey, and the Dark tribes. Satan does not want anyone to know the truth, because then their Game is up, and everyone will protest because that is what Sheep do, people need to figure out how to build Sanctuary that the Torah talked about. 

I was born on 14 January 1961, that is the date Jesus was to come back as the Flesh, which is my name, and my Mothers name was Mary, and I was born with a Halo around me, in Corona California, the Circle City, so I have all 3 signs that the Torah said the Messenger from God would have, and as an Ashkenazi Jew, who only believes in the Torah written before the 4th Century lie, that all Bibles are based on, no wonder no one knows about Witchcraft, they do not understand who Wizard and Witches are. IAM the Light Wizzard in the Flesh, who is the one that fully explained how the Universe works, using Witchcraft few understood till now. I only know about these things from Dreams, where IAM a Wizzard, when I catch Z’s. My job is to give you this Message, what you do with it, is up to you, building Trinary Sanctuary is my only Message, because, in Witchcraft, the End of Time is a Life Extinction Event, a thousand-year Ice Age. The Torah said Satan will dig Tombs, so the underground cities will collapse. 
